What happened in Pittsburgh in 1845?
Who started steel production in 1875 at the Edgar Thomson Steel Works?
When did J.P. Morgan and Elbert H. Gary merge several companies into U.S. Steel?
What was Pittsburgh's population rank in the US by 1910?
How much steel did Pittsburgh mills produce for the World War II effort?
How many skyscrapers are there in Downtown Pittsburgh?
What is the tallest building in Pittsburgh?
Which area in the East End is known as an open-air marketplace?
What is the nickname for the Bloomfield neighborhood?
What is the name of the amusement park in West Mifflin?
Who founded the first all-African American opera company in the U.S. in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the yearly pickle festival in Pittsburgh?
How many official city parks are there in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of Pittsburgh's professional baseball team?
Who developed one of the first successful polio vaccines at the University of Pittsburgh?
What project was launched after World War II to clean the city's air and rivers?
Which two rivers combine to form the Ohio River?
What is the name of the revitalization project that followed the "Renaissance"?
The North Side was originally an independent city known as what?
The University of Pittsburgh was established in what year?
Which neighborhood is known as the hub of Jewish life in Pittsburgh?
Who wrote the play "Fences", which is set in Pittsburgh?
What is the Pittsburgh English dialect commonly called?
What term is used for locals who speak the Pittsburgh dialect?
Which museum is dedicated to the pop artist from Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the casino on the North Shore?
What are the official city colors shared by Pittsburgh's major professional sports teams?
What is the name of the soccer team in Pittsburgh?
In what year was the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette started?
Which university campus is located in the Point Breeze neighborhood?
What is the name of the world's first commercially licensed radio station, located in Pittsburgh?
Which director shot nearly all his "Living Dead" series films in the Pittsburgh area?
Which two large health care providers are based in the Pittsburgh area?
What is the Smithfield Street Bridge known for?
What is the name of the regional mass transit system?
What is the area of Pittsburgh in square miles?
The convergence of the three rivers is located at which park?
Which neighborhood is home to the National Aviary?
Which Pulitzer Prize-winning author wrote "An American Childhood" about post-war Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the popular sandwich shop known for including fries and coleslaw on the sandwich?
How many sets of outdoor public stairways are in Pittsburgh?
What is the oldest extant structure in Pittsburgh?
Who was the mayor of Pittsburgh as of November 2021?
What is the name of the main library system in Pittsburgh?
The Cathedral of Learning is located at which university?
Which park is the largest in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the professional women's football team?
Which museum is a Smithsonian affiliate and located in the Strip District?
What is the name of the botanical gardens in Pittsburgh?
The Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum houses exhibits related to what?
What does "PAYGO" stand for in the city budget?
What is the total amount authorized for transfer from the general fund to a PAYGO fund for the 2024 Capital Budget?
What is the title of the head of the Office of Management and Budget?
How many districts does the City Council represent?
What is the 2024 budget for City Council Districts?
What is the 2024 budget for the Office of the Mayor?
What is the 2024 budget for the Department of Innovation and Performance?
What is the 2024 budget for the Commission on Human Relations?
What is the 2024 budget for the Office of the City Controller?
What is the 2024 budget for the Department of Law?
What is the 2024 budget for the Department of City Planning?
What is the 2024 budget for the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services?
What is the 2024 budget for the Bureau of Animal Care and Control?
What is the 2024 budget for the Department of Public Works?
What does "FTE" stand for in the position summary tables?
What is the salary for the Mayor in 2024?
What is the salary for the Chief of Staff in 2024?
Which division of the Office of Management and Budget is responsible for the capital budget?
Which division of the Department of Public Works is responsible for managing the city's urban forest?
Which bureau is responsible for collecting solid waste and recycling?
What is the purpose of the Community Development Trust Fund?
What is the source of revenue for the Liquid Fuels Trust Fund?
How much is the fee for a Commercial Building Permit with a construction value between $50,000.01 and $250,000?
What is the hourly rate for a Police Officer (1st year - 4th year) working a secondary employment event?
What is the daily pool pass fee for an adult (16+)?
What is the fee for a one-year license for a non-neutered dog?
What is the annual appropriation for the Stop the Violence fund in 2024?
What is the title of the head of the Department of Public Works?
What is the City of Pittsburgh's main operating fund called?
What is the total budgeted expenditure for Salaries in 2024?
What is the total budgeted expenditure for Health Benefits in 2024?
What is the total budgeted expenditure for Pension & OPEB in 2024?
Which department is responsible for the collection, deposit, and investment of all city funds?
Which department is responsible for labor negotiations for city employees?
What does "CPRB" stand for?
How many members are on the Citizen Police Review Board?
What is the total revenue from the Earned Income Tax in the 2024 budget?
What is the total revenue from the Payroll Preparation Tax in the 2024 budget?
What is the total revenue from the Parking Tax in the 2024 budget?
What is the total revenue from the Deed Transfer Tax in the 2024 budget?
What is the 2024 budget for the Ethics Hearing Board?
How much is budgeted for "Premium Pay" for the Bureau of Police in 2024?
What is the date of the "Roll for a Reason Gala"?
Where is the "Birding Expedition: Blue Spruce State Park" on November 2nd, 2025?
What time is the "Holiday Truffle Cooking Class" on November 6, 2025?
Where can you see the performance of "Disney's Newsies" in November?
What is the date for the "Screaming Orphans Christmas Show"?
What event is happening at The Frick Pittsburgh on December 6, 2025?
Where can you see "The Nutcracker Ballet" in December 2025?
What is the date of the "Totally Awesome New Year's Eve w/ My Own Worst 90's Band"?
Where is the "Pride Movie Night" being held?
What is the date of the "Pittsburgh Reptile Show & Sale"?
Where can you attend a "Beef Wellington Cooking Class" on November 20, 2025?
What is the name of the band playing at The Funhouse @ Mr. Smalls on November 21, 2025?
What movie is being screened at the Kamin Science Center on November 28, 2025?
Where is the "5th Annual Shop Small Crawl" taking place?
